READY FOR MERGING: Sagittarius engine (#99)
makerdao/endgame-docs: tokenomics/sagittarius-engine.md

# Sagittarius Engine

## Introduction
The Sagittarius Engine is a module that incentivizes MKR holders to lock their MKR tokens up for long periods of time. The locked-up MKR is required to participate in Maker Governance via delegation. 

The incentives for locking up MKR in the Sagittarius Engine are:
- Token farming
- Dai generation through vaults with MKR as collateral

> Withdrawing MKR from the Sagittarius Engine burns part of the deposited MKR.

Reviewer: My (old, possibly out-of-date) understanding was that this was only if you didn't wait the required lock-up period before exiting?

Author: The latest post doesn't have a lockup period. It reads as if 15% of the deposited MKR is burned upon exiting, regardless of when you do it.

Author: Can be merged if you're happy with this point about the lockup period.

{% hint style="warning" %} This documentation describes planned functionality and processes that MakerDAO has not yet implemented. Be aware that parts may be inaccurate or out of date. {% endhint %}

## Entry and Exit

> When users deposit MKR into the Sagittarius Engine, they must delegate the deposited MKR through the [Easy Governance Frontend (EGF)](../maker-core/easy-governance-frontend.md). Depositors must specify a target delegate smart contract when making their deposit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When users deposit MKR into the Sagittarius Engine, they must delegate the deposited MKR through the [Easy Governance Frontend (EGF)](../maker-core/easy-governance-frontend.md). Depositors must specify a delegate's strategy smart contract when making their deposit.
```

Given delegates will having multiple contracts attached to strategies. (afaik)

#### [Stability Fee](https://manual.makerdao.com/parameter-index/vault-risk/param-stability-fee) 
If the total Sagittarius Engine debt is less than the Soft Debt Ceiling, this is set to be equal to the [Dai Savings Rate](https://manual.makerdao.com/parameter-index/core/param-dai-savings-rate). It increases exponentially with the amount of Sagittarius Engine debt that exceeds the Soft Debt Ceiling.

#### Price Oracle
The oracle for MKR price uses [Elixir](elixir.md) as the primary data source. 

A "sticky price" feature limits upward movement of the price within a fixed time period. That is, Maker Governance can choose to limit the speed at which the reported price of MKR increases, regardless of how fast the Elixir price is increasing. This constraint does not apply to downward price movement. 

#### [Liquidation Ratio](https://manual.makerdao.com/parameter-index/vault-risk/param-liquidation-ratio)

> The Liquidation Ratio is set to 200\%. If a vault falls below this collateralization ratio, it is liquidated completely using Elixir order books.

Reviewer: Backslash for percentage?

Author: Latex hangover. Apparently markdown doesn't need the backslash!

> Sagittarius Engine MKR Vaults also have an additional parameter called the Soft Liquidation Ratio, which is set to 300\%. If a vault's collateralization ratio stays below this for a continuous 7-day period, it is liquidated.

Reviewer: Also important that users can't open a vault at less than 300% CR.
